Automated testing of recipes (#44)
newrelic/open-install-library: test/local/deployer.md

# Local Testing - Deployer

The [Deployer](https://github.com/newrelic/demo-deployer) should be run through docker, to minimize the dependencies to install locally.

## Prerequisites

* Create your [User Config](https://github.com/newrelic/demo-deployer/blob/main/documentation/user_config/README.md) file which contains all the credentials for your cloud provider (AWS) and newrelic.

## Run

> A docker image of the `Deployer` is published onto newrelic github registry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A docker image of the `Deployer` is published to [GitHub Container Registry](https://github.com/orgs/newrelic/packages/container/package/deployer).
```
